{
  "quotes": [
"↑￼↑ #1
A wide-angle, close-up indoor photo taken at eye level showing the person using their entire face. Your face should look exactly like in the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The person wearing black cat ears and black stockings is sitting cross-legged on a soft bed with their knees bent. They are wearing a black, sleeveless top with a cat print, a short pink skirt with white stripes pulled back, a choker and a massive chain that runs from the collar to the floor and is securely fastened, and long black fishnet stockings. The background is a modern bedroom, including drawers and shelves containing femboy paraphernalia such as numerous iconic wolf tails with silver plugs and a large number of curved silicone products, and some general clutter, including numerous iconic wolf tails with silver and bronze plugs, and femboy clothing. Femboy clothing is visible on the floor in the background. They are holding one of the long silver plugs in their right hand.  Natural light from a window illuminates the scene.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #2
A wide-angle, close-up indoor shot, taken at eye level, showing the person using their entire face. Your face should look exactly like in the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The person wearing black cat ears and black tassels sits cross-legged on a soft bed with their knees bent. They wear a pink, sleeveless top with a cat print, a pink skirt with black stripes drawn back, a choker and a massive chain that extends from the neck to the floor and is securely fastened, and long black fishnet stockings. The background is a modern bedroom, including drawers and shelves containing femboy paraphernalia such as numerous iconic wolf tails with silver plugs and a large number of curved silicone products. They hold one of the silver plugs in their right hand. Natural light from a window illuminates the scene.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #3
A wide-angle, close-up indoor photo taken at eye level showing the person using their entire face. Your face should look exactly like in the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The person wearing black cat ears and black tassels sits cross-legged on a soft bed with their knees bent. They wear a pink, sleeveless top with a cat print, a pink skirt with black stripes drawn back, a choker and a massive chain that extends from the neck to the floor and is securely fastened, and long black fishnet stockings. The background is a modern bedroom, including drawers and shelves containing femboy paraphernalia such as numerous iconic wolf tails with silver plugs and a large number of curved silicone products, hands behind their backs. Natural light from a window illuminates the scene.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #4
A wide-angle, close-up indoor photo taken at eye level showing the person using their entire face. Your face should look exactly like in the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The person wearing black cat ears and black tassels sits cross-legged on a soft bed with their knees bent. They wear a pink, sleeveless top with a cat print, a pink skirt with black stripes drawn back, a choker and chain that extends from the neck to the floor and is securely fastened, and long black fishnet stockings. The background is a modern bedroom, including drawers and shelves containing femboy paraphernalia such as numerous iconic wolf tails with silver plugs and a large number of curved silicone products, hands behind their backs. Natural light from a window illuminates the scene.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #5
A wide-angle, close-up indoor photo taken at eye level showing the person using their entire face. Your face should look exactly like in the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The person, wearing black cat ears and black tassels, is on a soft bed striking a cat pose. They are wearing a pink, sleeveless top with a cat print, a pink skirt with black stripes drawn back, a choker and chain that extends from the neck to the floor and is securely fastened, and long black fishnet stockings. The background is a modern bedroom, including drawers and shelves containing femboy paraphernalia such as numerous iconic wolf tails with silver plugs and a large number of curved silicone products. Natural light from a window illuminates the scene.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #6
A wide-angle, close-up indoor photo taken at eye level showing the person using their entire face. Your face should look exactly like in the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The person wearing black cat ears and black tassels is on a soft bed, striking a cat pose. They are wearing a pink, sleeveless crop top with a cat print, a choker, and a chain that extends from the neck to the floor and is securely fastened, along with long black fishnet stockings. The background is a modern bedroom, including drawers and shelves containing femboy paraphernalia such as numerous iconic wolf tails with silver plugs and a large number of curved silicone products. Natural light from a window illuminates the scene.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.
"↑￼↑ #7
A wide-angle, close-up indoor photo taken at eye level showing the person using their entire face. Your face should look exactly like in the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The person wearing black cat ears and black tassels is on a soft bed, striking a cat pose. They are wearing a short, black, sleeveless top with a cat print, a choker, and a chain that extends from the neck to the floor and is securely fastened, along with long black fishnet stockings. The background is a modern bedroom, including drawers and shelves containing femboy paraphernalia such as numerous iconic wolf tails with silver plugs and a large number of curved silicone products. Natural light from a window illuminates the scene.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #8
A wide-angle, close-up indoor photo taken at eye level showing the person using their entire face. Your face should look exactly like in the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The person wearing black cat ears and black stockings is on a soft bed, striking a cat pose. They are wearing a black, sleeveless, fishnet crop top, a choker, and a chain that extends from the neck to the floor and is securely fastened, along with long black fishnet stockings. The background is a modern bedroom, including drawers and shelves containing femboy paraphernalia such as numerous iconic wolf tails with silver plugs and a large number of curved silicone products. Natural light from a window illuminates the scene.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"■ كيفية إستخدام البرومبت ✓
..........................................
 1. نسخ النص: قم بـ (نسخ البرومبت ⧉) من خلال الضغط مطولاً على النص ثم نسخ ❐.
 2. فتح الذكاء الاصطناعي: افتح تطبيق (✦ Gemini).
 3. إدراج الوسائط: قم برفع صورتك 🖼 ثم...
 4. اللصق: (الصق البرومبت ⎘) في محادثة ✦ Gemini.
 5. التفعيل: تأكد من أن ميزة توليد الصور مفعلة 🍌.
 6. النتيجة: قم بتوليد صورتك واستمتع! ✨
..........................................
■ ملاحظة مهمة ✓
عند إستخدام برومبت (تلبيس العرسان 🤵🏻👰🏻):
 1. ارفع صورتك الشخصية مع صورة الزي (زي عريس مفرغ).
 2. لضمان أفضل دقة، ارفع صورتك (من الصدر إلى الأعلى 👤) لتظهر الملامح بوضوح.
..........................................
■ قاعدة هامة ✓
● أي برومبت يحتوي على نص عربي، يجب إستخدام وضع المفكر (Flash Thinking)، أو وضع الـ برو (Pro) لضمان جودة الخط.
..........................................
■ معلومة خاصة ✓
● أي برومبت يوجد فيه هذا الرمز ↑￼↑، فهذا يعني ضرورة إرفاق صورة مع البرومبت ليعمل بشكل صحيح.
● البرومبتات متوفرة باللغتين [ AR - EN ].
..........................................
■ جميع الحقوق محفوظة © ✓
تطبيق بيكسلاب برو بلاس (PixelLab Pro Plus).
@ المطور: م/ أسامة الشعلان.",
"■ للحصول على المزيد من البرومبتات قم بزيارة صفحتنا على الويب

🔹 osamaalshulanapk.blogspot.com

■ او قم بـ متابعتنا على بينترست :-

🔹 Pinterest :- Pinterest.com/qqyy_y 
 
■ جميع الحقوق محفوظة لدى تطبيق بيكسلاب برو بلاس℡©"
  ]
}
